Revamp the Ballerina VS Code extension docs (#213)
wso2/docs-ballerina-vscode-extension: en/docs/design-the-services/index.md

# Design the services

> The topics below describe the interactive visual interfaces provided by the Ballerina VS Code extension to design HTTP and GraphQL Ballerina services effortlessly with a limited understanding of the underlying syntax and configurations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The topics below describe the interactive visual interfaces the Ballerina VS Code extension provides to design HTTP and GraphQL Ballerina services effortlessly with a limited understanding of the underlying syntax and configurations. 
```
